README.md, before:

# Playing Flappy Bird with Machine Learning

### Requirements:

OpenCV (`conda install -c conda-forge opencv`), NumPy (`pip install numpy`), PyGame (`pip install pygame`), TFLearn (`pip install tflearn`), TensorFlow (`pip install tensorflow-gpu`/`pip install tensorflow` not recommended)

### Info

Flappy bird implementation written in Python with PyGame from https://github.com/Max00355/FlappyBird, significantly modified to work with code.

Flappy bird reinforcement learning agent.

- for each frame, output X_t (image), y_t (move made), r_t (reward at that time step - 0.01 for alive, 1 for through pipe, -1 for death)
- processing step, calculate R_t = sum of gamma from i = 1 to t + i = n, where n is the number of frames per game of gamma^t+i * r_t+i
//- p_i is probability that you did what you did (logit)
- R_t is adjusted reward for action number t is equal to look at very next frame, multiple that by 0.99 (gamma). Look at what happened 2 frames later, multiply by .99^2, 100 frames later, multiply by .99 ^ 100.
- Once calculated R_t, do a round of training (couple of iterations of gradient descent), where loss is -sum R_t log p(Y_i | X_i)
- keep track of end of game

X, Y, r are placeholders. Calculate loss whih is negative sum over all T's of Rt log p(yt given xt), but p yt given xt is just the logit or 1 - the logit.
- Step 1: record X, y, r, Rt. Write to a file. Calculate Rt too after game is finished for each frame of the game
- Once calculated, do a round of training which involves updating tensorflow code to take in X, y, r, R as placehodlers. 
- Calculate the loss and create train step operation based on loss. 
- RMS prop
- Rerun the game.

Commit message:

Improved documentation and removed redundant flappy bird games

README.md, after:

# Playing Flappy Bird with Machine Learning

### Requirements:

OpenCV (`conda install -c conda-forge opencv`), NumPy (`pip install numpy`), PyGame (`pip install pygame`), TFLearn (`pip install tflearn`), TensorFlow (`pip install tensorflow-gpu`/`pip install tensorflow` not recommended)

### Info

Flappy bird implementation written in Python with PyGame from https://github.com/Max00355/FlappyBird, significantly modified to work with code.

`generate_flappy_data.py` creates flappy bird games. If it is run with a model (e.g. `python generate_flappy_data.py models/trained_flappy`), it will generate games using that model. Otherwise, it will generate with a random model.

`train_nn.py` and its according Jupyter notebook `Train NN.ipynb` provide a location to train a neural network.  
Running `python train_nn.py` will initialize a network with random weights and train it on generated training data from `generate_flappy_data.py`. Running with `python train_nn.py <model_name>` will initialize the network with preselected weights and train it on generated training data from the script.

`python test_flappy_results.py <model_name>` will play Flappy Bird games with an initially trained model.

`neural_jumper.py` is a wrapper for the neural network to choose a jump.

`tf_graph.py` contains the neural network architecture.

`preprocess.py` includes preprocessing scripts to convert an image to black and white and shrink it to 20% of its original size.

`config.py` contains some configuration variables, such as whether to save images and directories.

`global_vars.py` contains some global variables - it should not be modified.


#### Notes
Flappy bird reinforcement learning agent.

- for each frame, output X_t (image), y_t (move made), r_t (reward at that time step - 0.01 for alive, 1 for through pipe, -1 for death)
- processing step, calculate R_t = sum of gamma from i = 1 to t + i = n, where n is the number of frames per game of gamma^t+i * r_t+i
//- p_i is probability that you did what you did (logit)
- R_t is adjusted reward for action number t is equal to look at very next frame, multiple that by 0.99 (gamma). Look at what happened 2 frames later, multiply by .99^2, 100 frames later, multiply by .99 ^ 100.
- Once calculated R_t, do a round of training (couple of iterations of gradient descent), where loss is -sum R_t log p(Y_i | X_i)
- keep track of end of game

X, Y, r are placeholders. Calculate loss whih is negative sum over all T's of Rt log p(yt given xt), but p yt given xt is just the logit or 1 - the logit.
- Step 1: record X, y, r, Rt. Write to a file. Calculate Rt too after game is finished for each frame of the game
- Once calculated, do a round of training which involves updating tensorflow code to take in X, y, r, R as placehodlers. 
- Calculate the loss and create train step operation based on loss. 
- RMS prop
- Rerun the game.
